hello friends today I'm gonna teach you
how to install
Metasploit on iphone and I'm sure
everybody has a face it's a problem
recently when you do break your iPhone
so I had the same problem but after
researching and find it out the
resolution to do it so what I did is
first of all I'm gonna I SSH my iPhone
throw my computer so you can see this is
where I'm at so first of all what i'm
gonna do is i'm i installed my apt get
the latest version 0.7 and after that
what are you gonna do is you gonna CD
drive it back so you are in the we're
all ready so simply what do you have to
do is you have to start over and and
it's like these commands first of all
you're gonna update apt-get update it's
gonna update to your iphone on the
latest version there you go
I updated it so now I'm gonna update
just an update so apt-get slash date
I'm great I upgraded with my
applications here apt-get install
this is easy to do it these are step by
step I just put it here and what do you
have to do this now
for this link you see this what do you
have to do is simply download these
links and you had a site you don't have
a title bit just copy and paste it in
your iPhone see it's updating it to
download everything you see the progress
bar take a little while to do all these
steps so I already did so but I'm doing
it for you guys so you guys can see what
exactly I did otherwise I don't have to
I'll do mean so you got to do one by one
all of the steps and then you have to
install the package from the sites and
then you what what it's happiness why
this Ottoman command is used when you do
LS after doing you see this a ruby this
well after that you have to remove these
files
what exactly happened as you download it
and then you install those files on your
iPhone now what I'm doing is RM removing
minus R and F then star dot the EP so
you see this file gonna be removed
because once you do with everything all
together and then you do this step
what's gonna happen is gonna install in
your system then you don't need the EP
files anymore so now hit enter so now
check it Ellis you see that there is no
file it's gone the file is gone now what
I have to do is little bad I am in aware
already then what do you have to do it s
me and see all HTTP and Metasploit
you're gonna put in this code so it's
gonna make it a folder it gonna ask you
like if I show you to you because you
might have a trouble there but I'm not
gonna do that one for mine because I
already did
when I hit enter you're gonna ask me a
command what I have to press it so I'll
show it to you it takes a little while
there's three options either you want to
ignore it or are you going to
permanently let it go because it's gonna
give you a warning so that's it that's
what it gonna give you look longer then
there you go
you see that it's installing you cannot
take a while to do it it's gonna take a
little while quite a lot like today
because I know it took me like five ten
minutes to get it done so but what I do
is I'm gonna pause it here and I'm gonna
be right back when it's done I'll show
it to you exactly happened there he goes
otherwise you guys gonna be watching
what's installing this is what it's is
getting source external all the
software's you see that it's it's gonna
keep going and going and going so it's
gonna take forever so well after that
I'll show it to you so I'm gonna pause
it for a while guys here we go
Wow I guess you see this it's all
installed after everything is done it
takes forever and now it's been
installed the Metasploit install what do
you simple have to do is you have to
type LS did you see CD MS f3 you see
that I'm in a directory MS f3 that's a
Metasploit and I'm gonna do LS you see
that MS console is there but to run that
what I notice earlier we used to do it
simply dot forward slash then you can
type MS console but now what do you have
to do is Ruby MSF console it's takes a
little while to get it on
welcome back here I was opposed it so
now you see this after this it takes it
a little while actually it surprised me
this time it took more than but uh here
you go
show exploits so now you can see it it's
a little slow but hey well this is the
way you can get it on your iPhone where
you can do whatever you want to do it
but the miss Floyd you can see if it's
thinking forever slow
what do you have hey at least it's
better than nothing you know here you go
guys you can see this it takes at least
one minute for doing that so here we go
all the latest exploits there you'll be
surprised there are more exploit than
regular Metasploit installed on your
iPhone you know this is the full words
and on that exploit so thanks for
watching and if you have any questions
or any concerns definitely write me back
and I'll give you apply and you can
subscribe you can thumbs up
I don't what ever you feel if you like
my video I really appreciate it for
watching thanks